chore: Defines new schema scaffolding command using terraform code generation tools (#1827)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: CONTRIBUTING.md

>   - [Running Acceptance Tests](#running-acceptance-tests)

Reviewer: not for this PR but I'm feeling more and more the pain @gssbzn mentions about contributing file size :-) 
maybe at some moment we can have in this file the very basic stuff that people need to start contributing, and refer to other files for more specific details.

Author: yes makes sense, one option I see is to define a README.md in scaffolding folder and reference it from CONTRIBUTING.md file.

- [Code and Test Best Practices](#code-and-test-best-practices)
  - [Creating New Resource and Data Sources](#creating-new-resources-and-data-sources)

>     - [Scaffolding initial Code and File Structure](#scaffolding-initial-code-and-file-structure)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [Scaffolding Initial Code and File Structure](#scaffolding-initial-code-and-file-structure)
```

### Creating New Resource and Data Sources

A set of commands have been defined with the intention of speeding up development process, while also preserving common conventions throughout our codebase.

> #### Scaffolding initial Code and File Structure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Scaffolding Initial Code and File Structure
```

This will generate resource/data source files and accompanying test files needed for starting the development, and will contain multiple comments with `TODO:` statements which give guidance for the development.

#### Scaffolding Schema and Model Definitions

Complementary to the `scaffold` command, there is a command which generates the initial Terraform schema definition and associated Go types for a resource or data source. This processes leverages [Code Generation Tools](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/code-generation) developed by HashiCorp, which in turn make use of the [Atlas Admin API](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/api-resources-spec/v2/) OpenAPI Specification.

##### Running the command

> Both `tfplugingen-openapi` and `tfplugingen-framework` need to be installed which can be done by running `make tools`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both `tfplugingen-openapi` and `tfplugingen-framework` need to be installed. It can be done by running `make tools`.
```

> The command takes a single argument which specifies for the resource or data source where the code generation is run, defined in camel case:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command takes a single argument which specifies the resource or data source where the code generation is run, defined in camel case, e.g.:
```

```bash
make scaffold-schemas name=streamInstance
```

> As a pre-requiste, the relevant resource/data source directory must define a configuration file in the path `./internal/service/<resource_name>/tfplugingen/generator_config.yml`. The content of this file will define which resource and/or data sources schemas will be generated by providing the API endpoints they are mapped to. You can reference the [Generator Config](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/code-generation/openapi-generator#generator-config) documentation to gain more insight on configuration options. An example defined in our repository can be found in [searchdeployment/tfplugingen/generator_config.yml](https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/blob/master/internal/service/searchdeployment/tfplugingen/generator_config.yml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a pre-requiste, the relevant resource/data source directory must define a configuration file in the path `./internal/service/<resource_name>/tfplugingen/generator_config.yml`. The content of this file will define which resource and/or data source schemas will be generated by providing the API endpoints they are mapped to. See the [Generator Config](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/code-generation/openapi-generator#generator-config) doc for more info about configuration options. An example defined in our repository can be found in [searchdeployment/tfplugingen/generator_config.yml](https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/blob/master/internal/service/searchdeployment/tfplugingen/generator_config.yml).
```

> As a result of the execution, the schema definitions and associated model types will be defined in separate files depending on resource and data sources that were configured in the generator_config.yml file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a result of the execution, the schema definitions and associated model types will be defined in separate files depending on the resources and data sources that were configured in the generator_config.yml file:
```

- `data_source_<resource_name>_schema.go`
- `resource_<resource_name>_schema.go`

> Note: if the resulting file paths already exist the content will be stored in files with a `_gen.go` postfix, and in this case any content will be overwritten. This can be useful for comparing the lastest autogenerated schema againt the existing implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: if the resulting file paths already exist the content will be stored in files with a `_gen.go` postfix, and in this case any content will be overwritten. This can be useful for comparing the latest autogenerated schema against the existing implementation.
```
